# scripts
Tools I developed in Python while making The World Revolving to assist with specific tasks.

## datapack_size
Calculates some statistics about an inputted datapack (lines of code, types of commands, etc.)

## fix_animated_model
Creates a 3D animated model based on multiple 3D JSON model inputs.  I originally tried to use [vberlier's tool](https://vberlier.github.io/animated-models/), but it outputted a broken model when I used it at the time.  
Knowing how Minecraft models work, I made this tool so I could incorporate my own 3D animated models into the map.

## fix_header_formatting
While developing The World Revolving, I used a certain format for the headers of my function files.  Later on in development I changed it to a more robust version, and eventually wrote this script to convert all the old formatted headers to the new format.

## generate_lines
Minecraft functions are limited in certain capacities, including lacking for-loops and the ability to input a variable into a command.  Thus, this script was necessary to edit mass-lines of code that had different numerical values based on a function, typically modelling a motion.  
For example, one of the functions generated by this controls the motion of the horses/ducks in Jevil's carousel attack, resembling a sine wave.

## generate_markdown
After completing The World Revolving, I wrote this script to assist with writing markdown of consistent formatting to describe the project.  Since Minecraft coding consists of 1 file per function (unlike typical languages where you can include multiple definitions in a single file), the organization of your files in a Minecraft datapack is heavily important for both readability and often the actual functionality of the project.

I like to provide a description of most of my functions for my Minecraft projects so that anyone can come here and learn how they work.

## generate_translation_options
One goal of The World Revolving was to support multiple languages.  Some of the settings in the menu are color coded, and this script grabs a translation option from Minecraft's original tl file and formats it into one file per language for the map.
